README.md, before:

# Flame Makefile scripts

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jonathanvdc/flame-make-scripts.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jonathanvdc/flame-make-scripts)

This repository contains a collection of GNU Make scripts that locate and/or install Flame-based projects. The goal of these scripts is to minimize the amount of hassle users experience when building your project: they either find an existing install of a tool or automatically build it from source. Running `make` should Just Work.

You can simply copy the scripts and put them in your own repository or&mdash;better yet&mdash;include this repository as a git submodule.

## `ecsc`

[`use-ecsc.mk`](use-ecsc.mk) tries to find the `ecsc` compiler and exposes it using the `ECSC` variable. If there's no global `ecsc` command, then `use-ecsc.mk` builds `ecsc` from source and makes `$(ECSC)` expand to a command that runs the local `ecsc` build.

Here's an example Makefile that uses `use-ecsc.mk` to provide `ecsc`.

```makefile
include /path/to/use-ecsc.mk

out.exe: code.cs | ecsc
    $(ECSC) code.cs -platform clr -o out.exe
```

Read the comments at the top of `use-ecsc.mk` for a more complete description.

Commit message:

Document use-flame-llvm.mk

README.md, after:

# Flame Makefile scripts

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jonathanvdc/flame-make-scripts.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jonathanvdc/flame-make-scripts)

This repository contains a collection of GNU Make scripts that locate and/or install Flame-based projects. The goal of these scripts is to minimize the amount of hassle users experience when building your project: they either find an existing install of a tool or automatically build it from source. Running `make` should Just Work.

You can simply copy the scripts and put them in your own repository or&mdash;better yet&mdash;include this repository as a git submodule.

## `ecsc`

[`use-ecsc.mk`](use-ecsc.mk) tries to find the [`ecsc` Enhanced C# compiler](https://github.com/jonathanvdc/ecsc) and exposes it using the `ECSC` variable. If there's no global `ecsc` command, then `use-ecsc.mk` builds `ecsc` from source and makes `$(ECSC)` expand to a command that runs the local `ecsc` build.

Here's an example Makefile that uses `use-ecsc.mk` to provide `ecsc`.

```makefile
include /path/to/use-ecsc.mk

out.exe: code.cs | ecsc
    $(ECSC) code.cs -platform clr -o out.exe
```

Read the comments at the top of `use-ecsc.mk` for a more complete description.

## `flame-llvm`

[`use-flame-llvm.mk`](use-flame-llvm.mk) tries to find the [`flame-llvm` Flame IR -> LLVM IR compiler](https://github.com/jonathanvdc/flame-llvm) and exposes it using the `FLAME_LLVM` variable. If there's no global `flame-llvm` command, then `use-flame-llvm.mk` builds `flame-llvm` from source and makes `$(FLAME_LLVM)` expand to a command that runs the local `flame-llvm` build. Building from source only works if you're running a Debian-based distribution with LLVM 3.8 installed.

Here's an example Makefile that uses both `use-ecsc.mk` and `use-flame-llvm.mk` to compile a C# file to a native executable.

```makefile
include /path/to/use-ecsc.mk
include /path/to/use-flame-llvm.mk

a.out: code.cs | ecsc flame-llvm
    $(ECSC) code.cs -platform ir -o obj.flo
    $(FLAME_LLVM) obj.flo -platform llvm -o out.ll
    clang out.ll -lgc -o a.out
```

Read the comments at the top of `use-flame-llvm.mk` for a more complete description.
